= xmlrpc-streaming

This package will enahnce the built-in XMLRPC client to ruby
It changes the following:
* Base64 now accepts an IO object to its contructor
* The XMLRPC request will now be streamed to the server. This
  will be a little faster and generate much less garbage. It should
  also fix issues where large Base64 objects sent to the server can cause out of memory errors
* Base64 now has a to_io methods that will give access to the underlying data as a IO object
  note: this is the raw data.
* set_writer will be ignored if this module has been loaded.
* the parser still works as normal. Future item is to rework the parser to use libxml
  to stream read the response.
* This module can be used completely transparently, just require the lib and nothing else needs done

== Usage

require 'xmlrpc-streaming'

.. Normal XMLRPC Code here

== Contributing to xmlrpc-streaming
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Sal Scotto. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

